Qa/updating access control 2 1 (#4078)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/operations/access-control/index.md

excerpt: Centrally manage access across clusters
---

> You can centrally define role-based authorization within Kommander to control resource access on the management cluster and a set or all of the target clusters. These resources are similar to Kubernetes RBAC but with crucial differences, and they make it possible to define the roles and role bindings once, and have them federated to clusters within a given scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can centrally define role-based authorization within Kommander to control resource access on the management cluster and a set, or all, of the target clusters. These resources are similar to Kubernetes RBAC but with crucial differences, and they make it possible to define the roles and role bindings once, and have them federated to clusters within a given scope.
```

| Workspace | Create namespaced Roles on the management cluster in the workspace namespace. | Federates ClusterRoles on all target clusters in the workspace.                            |
| Project   | Create namespaced Roles on the management cluster in the project namespace.   | Federates namespaced Roles on all target clusters in the project in the project namespace. |

> The role bindings for each level and type create `RoleBindings` or `ClusterRoleBindings` on the clusters that apply to each category.

Reviewer 2: Is "role bindings" really the right term change here.   The way I read this text, the user is creating "Kommander Roles" and "Cluster Roles" at the different 'levels', and then Kommander creates the RoleBindings/ClusterRoleBindings?     So the user is not creating 'role bindings'???

Author: Well, they are role bindings as we define them.

We changed the terms/phrasing in the UI specifically from policies to Role Bindings. So, whenever it was referencing Policies, we should have it changed to role bindings.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, should have made it clearer.  I understand you were just updating 'policies->role bindings'.   I am wondering if the word 'policies' here was being used in a more generic sense before or perhaps it was misused or just wrong...

When I read this whole section in total, I don't see any reference in the words above it to either 'policies' _or_ 'role bindings'.   The first paragraph in this section says "Kommander has two conceptual groups of resources" and then mentions Kommander Roles and Cluster Roles, and then there is a table that describes how Kommander Roles are mapped to ClusterRoles based on what context they are in.    

I guess I'm saying that this sentence makes no sense to me with either subject!  What am I missing?

Author: ahh - the big reveal - I see what you're saying. I think John made a similar message below. I'll try to rework. Thanks for clarifying.

Author: I think that role bindings is more of a generic Kubernetes term - but this is an intro topic anyway, so it should be explained in some way.

## Types of Access Control Objects

> Kubernetes role-based access control can be controlled with three different object categories: Groups, Roles, and Role Bindings, as explained in more detail below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control Kubernetes role-based access control with three different object categories: Groups, Roles, and Role Bindings, as explained in more detail below.
```

### Groups

You can map group and user claims made by your configured identity providers to Kommander groups by clicking the _Groups_ tab under Administration / Identity providers on the global workspace level.

![Identity Provider Groups](/dkp/kommander/2.1/img/access-control-idp-groups.png)

### Roles

> `ClusterRoles` are named collections of rules defining which verbs can be applied to which resources.

Reviewer: This seems out of place way down here. Seems like this explanation should be offered earlier in this topic.

Author: There is a bit of discussion a bit before here - it's at least in this table that's above, so I think there is some start to it.

This topic is ... essentially a few topics inside the overall Access Control area.

-   Kommander Roles apply specifically to resources on the management cluster.

> -   Cluster Roles apply to target clusters within their scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Cluster Roles apply to target clusters within their scope at these levels:
```

Author: made this change with a later commit

>     - at the global level, this is all target clusters in all workspaces,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Global - all target clusters in all workspaces
```

Author: made this change with a later commit

>     - at the workspace level, this is all target clusters in the workspace,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Workspace - all target clusters in the workspace
```

Author: made this change with a later commit

    name: oidc:engineering
```

### Role Bindings

Kommander role bindings, cluster role bindings, and project role bindings bind a Kommander group to any number of roles.

> All groups that have been defined in the groups tab will be present at the global, workspace, or project level, and are ready for you to assign roles to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All groups defined in the `groups` tab will be present at the global, workspace, or project level, and are ready for you to assign roles to them.
```

Author: made this change with a later commit
